{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10400\viewh15800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Bricksmith Feature Requests Outstanding\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li520\fi-520\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Technic rotation palette. bent liftarms are all 36.87 degrees from horizontal). Then things get weirder with the Angle Connector #3 at 22.5 degrees, and Angle Connector #5 at 67.5 degrees; a way to change the rotation stops to variations on these angles? (i.e., 0, 22.5, 36.87, 45, 53.13, 67.5\
\
Technic-friendly grid-snapping. The peg-holes on beams are always 20 units apart, so the automatic 24-unit vertical grid is not so nice in that case.\
\
Show the coordinate axes\
\
"Center Model" command; brings up a dialog allowing you to graphically move the centerpoint\
\
"Make selection into submodel" command\
\
Be able to load a background image for mosaic building.\
\
Hide entire steps.\
\
MLCad extensions for instructions/LPub:\
\
	Buffer Exchange. Used to erase previously drawn parts (handy when showing a part moving into place). [Would have been so much better to be able to mark steps as hidden unless they are the draw target.]\
\
	Ghost: "ghost" parts are drawn 
\b only 
\b0 when one is editing their enclosing submodel; otherwise, they are invisible. Example: in the submodel, a hose is shown unconnected and draped over the side. In the main model, the draped hose isn't drawn, and one in the correct location is inserted as a regular model part. \
\
Bricklink XML export: http://www.bricklink.com/help.asp?helpID=207\
\
Change Part button in inspector brings up part browser.\
\
Color favorites. Or reorganizable colors.\
\
}